.TH "log4cpp::LoggingEvent" 3 "1 Nov 2017" "Version 1.1" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::LoggingEvent \- 
.PP
The internal representation of logging events.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <LoggingEvent.hh>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLoggingEvent\fP (const std::string &category, const std::string &\fBmessage\fP, const std::string &\fBndc\fP, \fBPriority::Value\fP \fBpriority\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstantiate a \fBLoggingEvent\fP from the supplied parameters. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fBcategoryName\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe category name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fBmessage\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe application supplied message of logging event. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fBndc\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe nested diagnostic context (\fBNDC\fP) of logging event. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPriority::Value\fP \fBpriority\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBPriority\fP of logging event. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fBthreadName\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe name of thread in which this logging event was generated, e.g. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTimeStamp\fP \fBtimeStamp\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of seconds elapsed since the epoch (1/1/1970 00:00:00 UTC) until logging event was created. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The internal representation of logging events. 

When a affirmative logging decision is made a \fC\fBLoggingEvent\fP\fP instance is created. This instance is passed around the different \fBlog4cpp\fP components.
.PP
This class is of concern to those wishing to extend \fBlog4cpp\fP. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "log4cpp::LoggingEvent::LoggingEvent (const std::string & category, const std::string & message, const std::string & ndc, \fBPriority::Value\fP priority)"
.PP
Instantiate a \fBLoggingEvent\fP from the supplied parameters. Except \fCtimeStamp\fP all the other fields of \fC\fBLoggingEvent\fP\fP are filled when actually needed. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcategory\fP The category of this event. 
.br
\fImessage\fP The message of this event. 
.br
\fIndc\fP The nested diagnostic context of this event. 
.br
\fIpriority\fP The priority of this event. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const std::string \fBlog4cpp::LoggingEvent::categoryName\fP"
.PP
The category name. 
.SS "const std::string \fBlog4cpp::LoggingEvent::message\fP"
.PP
The application supplied message of logging event. 
.SS "const std::string \fBlog4cpp::LoggingEvent::ndc\fP"
.PP
The nested diagnostic context (\fBNDC\fP) of logging event. 
.SS "\fBPriority::Value\fP \fBlog4cpp::LoggingEvent::priority\fP"
.PP
\fBPriority\fP of logging event. 
.SS "const std::string \fBlog4cpp::LoggingEvent::threadName\fP"
.PP
The name of thread in which this logging event was generated, e.g. the PID. 
.SS "\fBTimeStamp\fP \fBlog4cpp::LoggingEvent::timeStamp\fP"
.PP
The number of seconds elapsed since the epoch (1/1/1970 00:00:00 UTC) until logging event was created. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.
