.TH "log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender" 3 "1 Nov 2017" "Version 1.1" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender \- 
.PP
\fBNTEventLogAppender\fP is an \fBAppender\fP that sends LoggingEvents to the Windows event log.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <NTEventLogAppender.hh>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNTEventLogAppender\fP (const std::string &name, const std::string &sourceName)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstantiate an \fBNTEventLogAppender\fP with given name and source. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~NTEventLogAppender\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBreopen\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalls \fBopen()\fP and \fBclose()\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclose\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease any resources allocated within the appender such as file handles, network connections, etc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBrequiresLayout\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIThe \fBNTEventLogAppender\fP does its own \fBLayout\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetLayout\fP (\fBLayout\fP *layout)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the \fBLayout\fP for this appender. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "WORD \fBgetCategory\fP (\fBPriority::Value\fP priority)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert \fBlog4cpp\fP \fBPriority\fP to an EventLog category. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "WORD \fBgetType\fP (\fBPriority::Value\fP priority)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert \fBlog4cpp\fP \fBPriority\fP to an EventLog type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "HKEY \fBregGetKey\fP (TCHAR *subkey, DWORD *disposition)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBregSetString\fP (HKEY hkey, TCHAR *name, TCHAR *value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBregSetDword\fP (HKEY hkey, TCHAR *name, DWORD value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBaddRegistryInfo\fP (const char *source)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBopen\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fB_append\fP (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP &event)"
.br
.RI "\fISends a \fBLoggingEvent\fP to NT Event log. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "HANDLE \fB_hEventSource\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fB_strSourceName\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBNTEventLogAppender\fP is an \fBAppender\fP that sends LoggingEvents to the Windows event log. 

Building log4cpp.dsp/log4cppDLL.dsp creates the resource DLL NTEventLogAppender.dll. Do not forget to place this DLL in a directory that is on the PATH of the Windows system. Otherwise, the category and message will not display correctly in Event Viewer.
.br
 \fBNB:\fP This class is only available on Win32 platforms. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::NTEventLogAppender (const std::string & name, const std::string & sourceName)"
.PP
Instantiate an \fBNTEventLogAppender\fP with given name and source. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of the \fBAppender\fP 
.br
\fIsourceName\fP The source name to log 
.RE
.PP

.SS "log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::~NTEventLogAppender ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::_append (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP & event)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sends a \fBLoggingEvent\fP to NT Event log. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIevent\fP the \fBLoggingEvent\fP to log. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "void log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::addRegistryInfo (const char * source)\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "void log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::close ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Release any resources allocated within the appender such as file handles, network connections, etc. 
.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "WORD log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::getCategory (\fBPriority::Value\fP priority)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Convert \fBlog4cpp\fP \fBPriority\fP to an EventLog category. Each category is backed by a message resource so that proper category names will be displayed in the NT Event Viewer. 
.SS "WORD log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::getType (\fBPriority::Value\fP priority)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Convert \fBlog4cpp\fP \fBPriority\fP to an EventLog type. The \fBlog4cpp\fP package supports 8 defined priorites, but the NT EventLog only knows 3 event types of interest to us: ERROR, WARNING, and INFO. 
.SS "void log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::open ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.SS "HKEY log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::regGetKey (TCHAR * subkey, DWORD * disposition)\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "void log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::regSetDword (HKEY hkey, TCHAR * name, DWORD value)\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "void log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::regSetString (HKEY hkey, TCHAR * name, TCHAR * value)\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "bool log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::reopen ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calls \fBopen()\fP and \fBclose()\fP. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "bool log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::requiresLayout () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The \fBNTEventLogAppender\fP does its own \fBLayout\fP. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
false 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "void log4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::setLayout (\fBLayout\fP * layout)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the \fBLayout\fP for this appender. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlayout\fP The layout to use. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "HANDLE \fBlog4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::_hEventSource\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "std::string \fBlog4cpp::NTEventLogAppender::_strSourceName\fP\fC [protected]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.
