.TH "log4cpp::PatternLayout" 3 "1 Nov 2017" "Version 1.1" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::PatternLayout \- 
.PP
\fBPatternLayout\fP is a simple fixed format \fBLayout\fP implementation.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PatternLayout.hh>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBlog4cpp::Layout\fP.
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBPatternComponent\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPatternLayout\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~PatternLayout\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBformat\fP (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP &event)"
.br
.RI "\fIFormats the \fBLoggingEvent\fP in the style set by the setConversionPattern call. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetConversionPattern\fP (const std::string &conversionPattern)  throw (ConfigureFailure)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the format of log lines handled by this \fBPatternLayout\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetConversionPattern\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclearConversionPattern\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fBDEFAULT_CONVERSION_PATTERN\fP = '%m%n'"
.br
.RI "\fIThe default conversion pattern. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fBSIMPLE_CONVERSION_PATTERN\fP = '%p - %m%n'"
.br
.RI "\fIA conversion pattern equivalent to the \fBSimpleLayout\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fBBASIC_CONVERSION_PATTERN\fP = '%R %p %c %x: %m%n'"
.br
.RI "\fIA conversion pattern equivalent to the \fBBasicLayout\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char * \fBTTCC_CONVERSION_PATTERN\fP = '%r [%t] %p %c %x - %m%n'"
.br
.RI "\fIA conversion pattern equivalent to the TTCCLayout. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBPatternLayout\fP is a simple fixed format \fBLayout\fP implementation. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "log4cpp::PatternLayout::PatternLayout ()"
.SS "log4cpp::PatternLayout::~PatternLayout ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void log4cpp::PatternLayout::clearConversionPattern ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SS "std::string log4cpp::PatternLayout::format (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP & event)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Formats the \fBLoggingEvent\fP in the style set by the setConversionPattern call. By default, set to '%%m%%n' 
.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::Layout\fP.
.SS "std::string log4cpp::PatternLayout::getConversionPattern () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SS "void log4cpp::PatternLayout::setConversionPattern (const std::string & conversionPattern)  throw (\fBConfigureFailure\fP)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the format of log lines handled by this \fBPatternLayout\fP. By default, set to '%%m%%n'.
.br
 Format characters are as follows:
.br
 \fB%%\fP - a single percent sign \fB%c\fP - the category \fB%d\fP - the date
.br
 Date format: The date format character may be followed by a date format specifier enclosed between braces. For example, %d{%H:%M:%S,%l} or %d{%d %m %Y %H:%M:%S,%l}. If no date format specifier is given then the following format is used: 'Wed Jan 02 02:03:55 1980'. The date format specifier admits the same syntax as the ANSI C function strftime, with 1 addition. The addition is the specifier %l for milliseconds, padded with zeros to make 3 digits. \fB%m\fP - the message \fB%n\fP - the platform specific line separator \fB%p\fP - the priority \fB%r\fP - milliseconds since this layout was created. \fB%R\fP - seconds since Jan 1, 1970 \fB%u\fP - clock ticks since process start \fB%x\fP - the \fBNDC\fP 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconversionPattern\fP the conversion pattern 
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBConfigureFailure\fP\fP if the pattern is invalid 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const char * \fBlog4cpp::PatternLayout::BASIC_CONVERSION_PATTERN\fP = '%R %p %c %x: %m%n'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
A conversion pattern equivalent to the \fBBasicLayout\fP. 
.SS "const char * \fBlog4cpp::PatternLayout::DEFAULT_CONVERSION_PATTERN\fP = '%m%n'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
The default conversion pattern. 
.SS "const char * \fBlog4cpp::PatternLayout::SIMPLE_CONVERSION_PATTERN\fP = '%p - %m%n'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
A conversion pattern equivalent to the \fBSimpleLayout\fP. 
.SS "const char * \fBlog4cpp::PatternLayout::TTCC_CONVERSION_PATTERN\fP = '%r [%t] %p %c %x - %m%n'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
A conversion pattern equivalent to the TTCCLayout. Note: TTCCLayout is in log4j but not \fBlog4cpp\fP. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.
