.TH "log4cpp::IdsaAppender" 3 "1 Nov 2017" "Version 1.1" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::IdsaAppender \- 
.PP
\fBIdsaAppender\fP is an \fBAppender\fP that sends LoggingEvents to the IDS/A logger and reference monitor by Marc Welz.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <IdsaAppender.hh>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIdsaAppender\fP (const std::string &name, const std::string &idsaName)"
.br
.RI "\fIInstantiate an \fBIdsaAppender\fP with given name and name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~IdsaAppender\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBreopen\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalls idsa_open() and idsa_close(). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclose\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalls idsa_close(). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBrequiresLayout\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIThe \fBIdsaAppender\fP does its own \fBLayout\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetLayout\fP (\fBLayout\fP *layout)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the \fBLayout\fP for this appender. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBopen\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICalls idsa_open(). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fB_append\fP (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP &event)"
.br
.RI "\fISends a \fBLoggingEvent\fP to idsa. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string \fB_idsaName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "IDSA_CONNECTION * \fB_idsaConnection\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBIdsaAppender\fP is an \fBAppender\fP that sends LoggingEvents to the IDS/A logger and reference monitor by Marc Welz. 

See http://jade.cs.uct.ac.za/idsa/ for more information on IDS/A. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "log4cpp::IdsaAppender::IdsaAppender (const std::string & name, const std::string & idsaName)"
.PP
Instantiate an \fBIdsaAppender\fP with given name and name. Unlike the syslog API, idsa allows multiple connections. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of the \fBAppender\fP 
.br
\fIidsaName\fP The service parameter of idsa 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual log4cpp::IdsaAppender::~IdsaAppender ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void log4cpp::IdsaAppender::_append (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP & event)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sends a \fBLoggingEvent\fP to idsa. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIevent\fP the \fBLoggingEvent\fP to log. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "virtual void log4cpp::IdsaAppender::close ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calls idsa_close(). 
.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "virtual void log4cpp::IdsaAppender::open ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calls idsa_open(). 
.SS "virtual bool log4cpp::IdsaAppender::reopen ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calls idsa_open() and idsa_close(). 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "virtual bool log4cpp::IdsaAppender::requiresLayout () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The \fBIdsaAppender\fP does its own \fBLayout\fP. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
false 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "virtual void log4cpp::IdsaAppender::setLayout (\fBLayout\fP * layout)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the \fBLayout\fP for this appender. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlayout\fP The layout to use. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "IDSA_CONNECTION* \fBlog4cpp::IdsaAppender::_idsaConnection\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "const std::string \fBlog4cpp::IdsaAppender::_idsaName\fP\fC [protected]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.
