.TH "log4cpp::StringUtil" 3 "1 Nov 2017" "Version 1.1" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::StringUtil \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <StringUtil.hh>\fP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBvform\fP (const char *format, va_list args)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a string contructed from the a format specifier and a va_list of arguments, analogously to vprintf(3). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBtrim\fP (const std::string &s)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a string identical to the given string but without leading or trailing HTABs or spaces. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static unsigned int \fBsplit\fP (std::vector< std::string > &v, const std::string &s, char delimiter, unsigned int maxSegments=INT_MAX)"
.br
.RI "\fIsplits a string into a vector of string segments based on the given delimiter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename T > static unsigned int \fBsplit\fP (T &output, const std::string &s, char delimiter, unsigned int maxSegments=INT_MAX)"
.br
.RI "\fIsplits a string into string segments based on the given delimiter and assigns the segments through an output_iterator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<typename T > static unsigned int log4cpp::StringUtil::split (T & output, const std::string & s, char delimiter, unsigned int maxSegments = \fCINT_MAX\fP)\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
splits a string into string segments based on the given delimiter and assigns the segments through an output_iterator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoutput\fP The output_iterator through which to assign the string segments. Typically this will be a back_insertion_iterator. 
.br
\fIs\fP The string to split into segments. 
.br
\fIdelimiter\fP The delimiter character 
.br
\fImaxSegments\fP The maximum number of segments. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The actual number of segments (limited by maxSegments). 
.RE
.PP

.SS "unsigned int log4cpp::StringUtil::split (std::vector< std::string > & v, const std::string & s, char delimiter, unsigned int maxSegments = \fCINT_MAX\fP)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
splits a string into a vector of string segments based on the given delimiter. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIv\fP The vector in which the segments will be stored. The vector will be emptied before storing the segments 
.br
\fIs\fP The string to split into segments. 
.br
\fIdelimiter\fP The delimiter character 
.br
\fImaxSegments\fP the maximum number of segments. Upon return v.size() <= maxSegments. The string is scanned from left to right so v[maxSegments - 1] may contain a string containing the delimiter character. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The actual number of segments (limited by maxSegments). 
.RE
.PP

.SS "std::string log4cpp::StringUtil::trim (const std::string & s)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Returns a string identical to the given string but without leading or trailing HTABs or spaces. 
.SS "std::string log4cpp::StringUtil::vform (const char * format, va_list args)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Returns a string contructed from the a format specifier and a va_list of arguments, analogously to vprintf(3). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIformat\fP the format specifier. 
.br
\fIargs\fP the va_list of arguments. 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.
