.TH "log4cpp::CategoryStream" 3 "1 Nov 2017" "Version 1.1" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::CategoryStream \- 
.PP
This class enables streaming simple types and objects to a category.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <CategoryStream.hh>\fP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBCategoryStream\fP &(* \fBcspf\fP )(\fBCategoryStream\fP &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCategoryStream\fP (\fBCategory\fP &category, \fBPriority::Value\fP priority)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct a \fBCategoryStream\fP for given \fBCategory\fP with given priority. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~CategoryStream\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor for \fBCategoryStream\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCategory\fP & \fBgetCategory\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the destination \fBCategory\fP for this stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPriority::Value\fP \fBgetPriority\fP () const   throw ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the priority for this stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBflush\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIFlush the contents of the stream buffer to the \fBCategory\fP and empties the buffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename T > \fBCategoryStream\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (const T &t)"
.br
.RI "\fIStream in arbitrary types and objects. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCategoryStream\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (const char *t)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "template<typename T > \fBCategoryStream\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (const std::string &t)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::streamsize \fBwidth\fP (std::streamsize wide)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the \fBwidth\fP output on \fBCategoryStream\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCategoryStream\fP & \fBoperator<<\fP (\fBcspf\fP)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LOG4CPP_EXPORT friend \fBCategoryStream\fP & \fBeol\fP (\fBCategoryStream\fP &os)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "LOG4CPP_EXPORT friend \fBCategoryStream\fP & \fBleft\fP (\fBCategoryStream\fP &os)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class enables streaming simple types and objects to a category. 

Use category.errorStream(), etc. to obtain a \fBCategoryStream\fP class. 
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef \fBCategoryStream\fP&(* \fBlog4cpp::CategoryStream::cspf\fP)(\fBCategoryStream\fP &)"
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "log4cpp::CategoryStream::CategoryStream (\fBCategory\fP & category, \fBPriority::Value\fP priority)"
.PP
Construct a \fBCategoryStream\fP for given \fBCategory\fP with given priority. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcategory\fP The category this stream will send log messages to. 
.br
\fIpriority\fP The priority the log messages will get or \fBPriority::NOTSET\fP to silently discard any streamed in messages. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "log4cpp::CategoryStream::~CategoryStream ()"
.PP
Destructor for \fBCategoryStream\fP. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void log4cpp::CategoryStream::flush ()"
.PP
Flush the contents of the stream buffer to the \fBCategory\fP and empties the buffer. 
.SS "\fBCategory\fP& log4cpp::CategoryStream::getCategory () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the destination \fBCategory\fP for this stream. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBCategory\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBPriority::Value\fP log4cpp::CategoryStream::getPriority () const  throw ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the priority for this stream. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The priority. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBCategoryStream\fP & log4cpp::CategoryStream::operator<< (\fBcspf\fP pf)"
.SS "template<typename T > \fBCategoryStream\fP& log4cpp::CategoryStream::operator<< (const std::string & t)\fC [inline]\fP"
.SS "\fBCategoryStream\fP & log4cpp::CategoryStream::operator<< (const char * t)"
.SS "template<typename T > \fBCategoryStream\fP& log4cpp::CategoryStream::operator<< (const T & t)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Stream in arbitrary types and objects. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIt\fP The value or object to stream in. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A reference to itself. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "std::streamsize log4cpp::CategoryStream::width (std::streamsize wide)"
.PP
Set the \fBwidth\fP output on \fBCategoryStream\fP. 
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LOG4CPP_EXPORT friend \fBCategoryStream\fP& eol (\fBCategoryStream\fP & os)\fC [friend]\fP"
.SS "LOG4CPP_EXPORT friend \fBCategoryStream\fP& left (\fBCategoryStream\fP & os)\fC [friend]\fP"
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBstd::ostringstream\fP* \fBlog4cpp::CategoryStream::_buffer\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.
