.TH "log4cpp::Appender" 3 "1 Nov 2017" "Version 1.1" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::Appender \- 
.PP
Implement this interface for your own strategies for printing log statements.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Appender.hh>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBAppenderMapStorage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBAppenderMapStorageInitializer\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Appender\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor for \fBAppender\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdoAppend\fP (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP &event)=0"
.br
.RI "\fILog in \fBAppender\fP specific way. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBreopen\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIReopens the output destination of this \fBAppender\fP, e.g. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclose\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease any resources allocated within the appender such as file handles, network connections, etc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBrequiresLayout\fP () const =0"
.br
.RI "\fICheck if the appender uses a layout. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetLayout\fP (\fBLayout\fP *layout)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISet the \fBLayout\fP for this appender. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBgetName\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the name of this appender. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetThreshold\fP (\fBPriority::Value\fP priority)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISet the threshold priority of this \fBAppender\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBPriority::Value\fP \fBgetThreshold\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the threshold priority of this \fBAppender\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetFilter\fP (\fBFilter\fP *filter)=0"
.br
.RI "\fISet a \fBFilter\fP for this appender. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBFilter\fP * \fBgetFilter\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the \fBFilter\fP for this appender. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBAppender\fP * \fBgetAppender\fP (const std::string &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet a pointer to an exitsing \fBAppender\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBreopenAll\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICall \fBreopen()\fP on all existing Appenders. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBcloseAll\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICall \fBreopen()\fP on all existing Appenders. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAppender\fP (const std::string &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor for \fBAppender\fP. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCategory\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Implement this interface for your own strategies for printing log statements. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "log4cpp::Appender::Appender (const std::string & name)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Constructor for \fBAppender\fP. Will only be used in \fBgetAppender()\fP (and in derived classes of course). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of this \fBAppender\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "log4cpp::Appender::~Appender ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor for \fBAppender\fP. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void log4cpp::Appender::close ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Release any resources allocated within the appender such as file handles, network connections, etc. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBlog4cpp::AbortAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP, \fBlog4cpp::BufferingAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::FileAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::IdsaAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::NTEventLogAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::OstreamAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::RemoteSyslogAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::StringQueueAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::SyslogAppender\fP, and \fBlog4cpp::Win32DebugAppender\fP.
.SS "void log4cpp::Appender::closeAll ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Call \fBreopen()\fP on all existing Appenders. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all Appenders returned true on their \fBreopen()\fP call. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual void log4cpp::Appender::doAppend (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP & event)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Log in \fBAppender\fP specific way. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIevent\fP The \fBLoggingEvent\fP to log. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "\fBAppender\fP * log4cpp::Appender::getAppender (const std::string & name)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Get a pointer to an exitsing \fBAppender\fP. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name of the \fBAppender\fP to return. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a pointer to an existing \fBAppender\fP, or NULL if no appender with the specfied name exists. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual \fBFilter\fP* log4cpp::Appender::getFilter ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the \fBFilter\fP for this appender. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the filter, or NULL if no filter has been set. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "const std::string& log4cpp::Appender::getName () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the name of this appender. The name identifies the appender. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the name of the appender. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual \fBPriority::Value\fP log4cpp::Appender::getThreshold ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the threshold priority of this \fBAppender\fP. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the threshold 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "virtual bool log4cpp::Appender::reopen ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reopens the output destination of this \fBAppender\fP, e.g. the logfile or TCP socket. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
false if an error occured during reopening, true otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBlog4cpp::AbortAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP, \fBlog4cpp::FileAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::IdsaAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::NTEventLogAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::OstreamAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::RemoteSyslogAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::StringQueueAppender\fP, and \fBlog4cpp::SyslogAppender\fP.
.SS "bool log4cpp::Appender::reopenAll ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Call \fBreopen()\fP on all existing Appenders. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all Appenders returned true on their \fBreopen()\fP call. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "virtual bool log4cpp::Appender::requiresLayout () const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Check if the appender uses a layout. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if the appender implementation requires a layout. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBlog4cpp::AbortAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP, \fBlog4cpp::IdsaAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::LayoutAppender\fP, and \fBlog4cpp::NTEventLogAppender\fP.
.SS "virtual void log4cpp::Appender::setFilter (\fBFilter\fP * filter)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set a \fBFilter\fP for this appender. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "virtual void log4cpp::Appender::setLayout (\fBLayout\fP * layout)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the \fBLayout\fP for this appender. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlayout\fP The layout to use. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBlog4cpp::AbortAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP, \fBlog4cpp::IdsaAppender\fP, \fBlog4cpp::LayoutAppender\fP, and \fBlog4cpp::NTEventLogAppender\fP.
.SS "virtual void log4cpp::Appender::setThreshold (\fBPriority::Value\fP priority)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the threshold priority of this \fBAppender\fP. The \fBAppender\fP will not appender LoggingEvents with a priority lower than the threshold. Use \fBPriority::NOTSET\fP to disable threshold checking. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpriority\fP The priority to set. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class \fBCategory\fP\fC [friend]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.
