.TH "log4cpp::Win32DebugAppender" 3 "1 Nov 2017" "Version 1.1" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::Win32DebugAppender \- 
.PP
\fBWin32DebugAppender\fP simply sends the log message to the default system debugger on Win32 systems.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Win32DebugAppender.hh>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBlog4cpp::LayoutAppender\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBWin32DebugAppender\fP (const std::string &name)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Win32DebugAppender\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclose\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIClose method. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fB_append\fP (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP &event)"
.br
.RI "\fIMethod that does the actual work. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBWin32DebugAppender\fP simply sends the log message to the default system debugger on Win32 systems. 

This is useful for users of MSVC and Borland because the log messages will show up in the debugger window.
.br
 \fBNB:\fP This class is only available on Win32 platforms. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "log4cpp::Win32DebugAppender::Win32DebugAppender (const std::string & name)"
.PP
Constructor. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP Name used by the base classes only. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "log4cpp::Win32DebugAppender::~Win32DebugAppender ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void log4cpp::Win32DebugAppender::_append (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP & event)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Method that does the actual work. In this case, it simply sets up the layout and calls the OutputDebugString API. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIevent\fP Event for which we are logging. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "void log4cpp::Win32DebugAppender::close ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Close method. This is called by the framework, but there is nothing to do for the OutputDebugString API, so it simply returns. 
.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.
