.TH "log4cpp::StringQueueAppender" 3 "1 Nov 2017" "Version 1.1" "log4cpp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
log4cpp::StringQueueAppender \- 
.PP
This class puts log messages in an in-memory queue.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <StringQueueAppender.hh>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBlog4cpp::LayoutAppender\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStringQueueAppender\fP (const std::string &name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~StringQueueAppender\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBreopen\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReopens the output destination of this \fBAppender\fP, e.g. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclose\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease any resources allocated within the appender such as file handles, network connections, etc. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual size_t \fBqueueSize\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the current size of the message queue. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::queue< std::string > & \fBgetQueue\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the queue to which the Appends adds messages. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const std::queue< std::string > & \fBgetQueue\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the queue to which the Appends adds messages. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBpopMessage\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPop the oldest log message from the front of the queue. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fB_append\fP (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP &event)"
.br
.RI "\fIAppends the \fBLoggingEvent\fP to the queue. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::queue< std::string > \fB_queue\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This class puts log messages in an in-memory queue. 

Its primary use is in test cases, but it may be useful elsewhere as well.
.PP
\fBSince:\fP
.RS 4
0.2.4 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "log4cpp::StringQueueAppender::StringQueueAppender (const std::string & name)"
.SS "log4cpp::StringQueueAppender::~StringQueueAppender ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void log4cpp::StringQueueAppender::_append (const \fBLoggingEvent\fP & event)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Appends the \fBLoggingEvent\fP to the queue. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIevent\fP the \fBLoggingEvent\fP to layout and append to the queue. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "void log4cpp::StringQueueAppender::close ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Release any resources allocated within the appender such as file handles, network connections, etc. 
.PP
Implements \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SS "const std::queue< std::string > & log4cpp::StringQueueAppender::getQueue () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the queue to which the Appends adds messages. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the message queue 
.RE
.PP

.SS "std::queue< std::string > & log4cpp::StringQueueAppender::getQueue ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the queue to which the Appends adds messages. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the message queue 
.RE
.PP

.SS "std::string log4cpp::StringQueueAppender::popMessage ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Pop the oldest log message from the front of the queue. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the oldest log message 
.RE
.PP

.SS "size_t log4cpp::StringQueueAppender::queueSize () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the current size of the message queue. Shorthand for \fBgetQueue()\fP.size(). 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the queue size 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool log4cpp::StringQueueAppender::reopen ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reopens the output destination of this \fBAppender\fP, e.g. the logfile or TCP socket. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
false if an error occured during reopening, true otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBlog4cpp::AppenderSkeleton\fP.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::queue<std::string> \fBlog4cpp::StringQueueAppender::_queue\fP\fC [protected]\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for log4cpp from the source code.
